Add some content to the DevTools Network page. (#11937)
flutter/website: src/content/tools/devtools/network.md

## What is it?

The network view allows you to inspect HTTP, HTTPS, and WebSocket traffic from
your Dart or Flutter application.

![Screenshot of the network screen](/assets/images/docs/tools/devtools/network_screenshot.png){:width="100%"}

## What network traffic is recorded?

> All network traffic which originates from `dart:io` (like the [HttpClient][]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All network traffic that originates from `dart:io` (like the [`HttpClient`][]
```

> class) or which is logged via the [http_profile][] package is recorded in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
class) or that is logged using the [`http_profile`][] package is recorded in the
```

network request table. This includes network traffic from the

> [cupertino_http][], [cronet_http][], and [ok_http][] packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`cupertino_http`][], [`cronet_http`][], and [`ok_http`][] packages.
```

> For a web app which makes requests via the browser, we recommend using browser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a web app that makes requests using the browser, we recommend using browser
```

tools to inspect network traffic, such as [Chrome DevTools][].

## How to use it

When you open the Network page, DevTools immediately starts recording network
traffic. To pause and resume recording, use the **Pause** and **Resume**
buttons (upper left).

> When a network request is sent by your app, it will appear in the network
> request table (left). It will be listed as "Pending" until a complete response

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a network request is sent by your app, it appears in the network
request table (left). It's listed as "Pending" until a complete response
```

## What is it?

The network view allows you to inspect HTTP, HTTPS, and WebSocket traffic from
your Dart or Flutter application.

![Screenshot of the network screen](/assets/images/docs/tools/devtools/network_screenshot.png){:width="100%"}

## What network traffic is recorded?

All network traffic that originates from `dart:io` (like the
[`HttpClient`][HttpClient] class) or that is logged using the
[`http_profile`][http_profile] package is recorded in the network request
table. This includes network traffic from the

> [`cupertino_http`][cupertino_http], [`cronet_http`][cronet_http], and

Reviewer 2: worth mentioning dio here too? This seems to be a fairly popular networking package

Author: I feel a little reluctant to promise that certain third party packages do this or that. Even in this case, using dio on a web app will _not_ be recorded, as we don't log anything from `dart:html` or JS interop. But I could add something if it really seems to be the premiere network request app.

Reviewer 2: Oh okay. Maybe I'm misunderstanding what the listed packages are for. I was under the impression that some of these were 3P packages we were listing.

Author: Well, maybe it's happenstance, but these are the packages that support logging via the http_profile package. They are all 1p (I think ok_http was an intern project or something, but still Google?). I guess since we have integration tests for dio, we can list it here, haha.

## Other resources

> HTTP and HTTPS requests are also surfaced in the [Timeline][timeline] as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTP and HTTPS requests are also surfaced in the [`Timeline`][timeline] as
```

The tutorial also uses the view to identify network activity that
causes poor app performance.

> [HttpClient]: https://api.dart.dev/dart-io/HttpClient-class.html
> [http_profile]: https://pub.dev/packages/http_profile
> [cupertino_http]: https://pub.dev/packages/cupertino_http
> [cronet_http]: https://pub.dev/packages/cronet_http
> [ok_http]: https://pub.dev/packages/ok_http
> [Chrome DevTools]: https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`HttpClient`]: {{site.api}}/dart-io/HttpClient-class.html
[`http_profile`]: {{site.pub-pkg}}/http_profile
[`cupertino_http`]: {{site.pub-pkg}}/cupertino_http
[`cronet_http`]: {{site.pub-pkg}}/cronet_http
[`ok_http`]: {{site.pub-pkg}}/ok_http
[Chrome DevTools]: https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/network
```
